Document benefits of using a dedicated transactional session processor endpoint (#7201)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/transactional-session/index.md

* [MongoDB](/persistence/mongodb)
* [DynamoDB](/persistence/dynamodb/)

## Design considerations

It's recommended to not mix the processing of control messages with business messages in order to get:

> - Predictable control message dispatch: Processing of control messages will be more reliable since there is no risk of getting delayed behind slow business messages

Author: Agreed, I’ll handle this in a separate pr

> - More accurate metrics: Metrics like critical time and queue lenght will accurately represent the performance of the control message processing and not be skewed by business messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- More accurate metrics: Metrics like critical time and queue length will accurately represent the performance of the control message processing and not be skewed by business messages
```

> - Simplified management: Knowning that the endpoint only processes control message makes it possible to always retry all failed message related to the endpoint via tools like ServicePulse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Simplified management: Knowing that the endpoint only processes control messages makes it possible to always retry all failed messages related to the endpoint via tools like ServicePulse
```
